The song I am using is **Beacon Beach** from 2017's Oxenfree and composed by **Scntfc**.  I will try and avoid all spoilers as possible as the first playthrough of the game is an amazing experience. It can be bought in many places but if you have Netflix it is free. The song starts off light with a only two sounds: a Piano that plays a rhythm for the whole song and winds/ artifacts in the background. The artifacts are left in on purpose to create the feeling that this is not the 'original' recording which ties into the story of the game. It is in 4s with the main beat only using the first 2 or 3 and ending with a rest note. The form of the is theme and variations with a bit of an arch at the end as it starts and ends the same way with something else at the end(A A' A'' A''' A''''  A''' A B). Each section of the song either adds from the previous section or replaces the main track. This continues until the morse code, which the whole song builds up to. The morse code section is one of the most interesting as it acts as the top of the arch before the song starts repeating previous sections and almost decaying back the the start. The morse code, while standing out with it being the highest pitch of the whole song, can be hidden to anyone who is not listening for it. What is being said on morse code is different from the different versions of the song.
- "MAGGIE" (a character who 'died' before the events of the game)
- "SEARCH TWITTER 4 NUM SEARCH TWITTER 4" ( the start of an ARG)
- "ALL IS LOST ALL IS LOST ALL IS LOST LOST"
Beacon Beach ends with the first section being replayed and decaying to radio noises. In this section there is voices being played backwards saying "Dead" and "SOS".(which again plays to the story of the main game) The song is in Polyphonic and has echoes attached to the song as well to extend beats. 
This is a very memorable part of the game as it is played right at the start and can be the song that set the tone and mood for it. It has the vibe of being chill and calming with a bit of mystery left on the piece. The best part is the climax with the morse code as sneaking a message into a song like this is just cool, plus it helps with the game's "hidden and haunted radio messages" theme. The only part I do not like is how high pitched the code can be, almost making harder to listen to. Overall it is a great opener to the rest of the game and the soundtrack that is mostly nice to listen to while teasing a greater mystery.  


Link: https://youtu.be/DiqpRhfRfOo?si=zMOzQHRT17nU8TmA
