First some background. The sound is from the game Dead by Daylight[1] which is a 1v4 asymmetric multiplayer horror game based off slasher films.  In the game there is a one player that takes the role of Killer and four that take the role of Survivors. The Survivors are trying to escape while the killer is trying to tick way at their health through health states and hook stages. The Killer, through various in game ways, can inflict one or many Survivors with an effect known as **Exposed**. When a player gains **Exposed** the player goes from a 'two hit down' to a 'one hit down'.  This will make the player more valuable as one mistake or surprise leads to a loss of the chase, and makes the game more tense as they are more vulnerable.  The sound is what is listed below. There are three parts of the sound I would like to discuss. First in the beginning there is a loud bang, possible from the drum. The bang tends to be sudden, almost to scare the player. This is at a lower frequency compared to most notification sounds in this game, which has it stand out more. I believe this is to get the players attention quickly. Next is a stinger played at a higher frequency. It almost sounds like the sound played in movies when a person uses a bladed weapon, which could help hint to the **Exposed** mechanic Lastly there is an echo that extends the stinger for an extended period of time with a decay.  I've noticed in video games that adding a long echo is used to show great importance, getting that status effect is a big deal in the game. It also add more importance on the stinger compared to the bang. The whole sound overall has a greater amplitude compared to the rest of the game, only being matched by other sounds with similar importance. The sound effect leaves the players with knowledge that something important happened and a bit of fear.  



Sound: https://youtu.be/i-oN-HoUuL0?si=g2bUDdG8l1TPtC7J&t=171 (play at 2:51 and will be labeled in the video)

[1]*Dead by Daylight*, Directed by Ashley Pannell, Dave Richard, and Mathieu Coté, 8.4.0, Behaviour Interactive, 2016, Microsoft Windows game.